services/horizon: Use UNIX timestamps instead of RFC3339 strings for timebounds. (#4361)
stellar/go: services/horizon/CHANGELOG.md

  * `min_account_sequence_age` when it's `"0"`, as this is the default value when the condition is not set
  * `preconditions.ledgerbounds.max_ledger` when it's set to 0 (this means that there is no upper bound)

> - Timebounds within the `preconditions` object are a string representing UNIX timestamps in seconds rather than formatted date-times (which was a bug) ([4361](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/4361)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Timebounds within the `preconditions` object are a string containing int64 UNIX timestamps in seconds rather than formatted date-times (which was a bug) ([4361](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/4361)).
```
